= email_preview

preview emails within your web browser

= Features
* preview HTML emails from within your web browser
* emails are reloaded with each view so you can tweak/save/refresh for instant verification
* convenient form to send any email preview directly to your *real* inbox
* only exposes routes in development mode to prevent leaking into production mode

= Installation

gem 'email_preview'

= Usage

config/initializers/email_preview.rb
  EmailPreview.register 'simple example email' do
    Mail.new do
      to 'tom@example.com'
      from 'me@foo.com'
      body 'check this out'
    end
  end

  EmailPreview.register 'multipart email (html + text)' do
    Mail.new do
      from 'mikel@test.lindsaar.net'
      to 'you@test.lindsaar.net'
      subject 'This is a test email'

      text_part do
        body 'This is plain text'
      end
      html_part do
        content_type 'text/html; charset=UTF-8'
        body '<h1>This is HTML</h1>'
      end
    end
  end

  EmailPreview.register 'user activation email' do
    u = User.new :email => 'foo@example.com'
    UserNotifier.activation
  end

by default, email_preview is only available in development mode.  to turn on globally use:
  EmailPreview.allowed_environments << 'production'

browse the list of registered emails and preview them in your browser at:
http://localhost:3000/email_preview

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Ryan Sonnek. See LICENSE for details.
